Along the quiet banks of Freysar’s Gate, young boy Freysar himself, crowned in ivy, waded along the whistling waters, where the fallen branches tossed and turned restlessly along the edges, catching on large stepping stones. Their surfaces were rimed in frosted and earthy colors of green and greys; though Winter it was not. Early Spring, perhaps— or so had thought the young boy Freysar. First and foremost, the bank was not his. Was instead his father’s! The young boy, in nude were it only he had not too a draped cloth along his waist, swam in and out the waters, through and against, upward and downward, his nose cutting through the pond-like water, and lilies above him. The water was clean and he could open his eyes. Doing so rendered into a view a school of tadpoles scurrying along with succor from a larger, silver-blue fish which swam between their shape. Supple gills and musculature, glowing scales, and dewy eyes markedly dark in sheen bore in a gaze of such profundity that the boy stopped for a moment, almost swallowing in a mouthful of the water. In particular, what was most strange about the fish was its eyes— though the gloss of the eyeball was of course noteworthy, it was moreso instead that the boy felt he had seen a glinting light, somewhat obscured as though by dust, peeking from behind the fish’ pupil. It was no mere metaphor talk— it really looked as though the glass eyes of the fish were reflecting some light from the recesses of its eyeballs. I suppose it was because the eye itself was translucent in some manner, and there really was a glowing light which hid behind the eye. But whatever the case, young Freysar had surfaced, losing sight of the silver-blue fish as it hurried beneath him— he saw only flashes of silver and a bright water’s glare which forced him to blink momentarily— and then, just then, had it simply vanished. There was no ripple of water, no sense of movement, no images of silver beneath the green-blue waters. All that remained was the young Freysar who stood, up to his waist in the now shallow water nearest the bank, and the mottled moss-covered stones which peered out the bank with a strange wetness. Who’s afraid of the silver-blue fish? he thought. Not he, most certainly. Though he felt lightheaded just then.


“Who’s afraid of a silver-blue fish?” Freysar’s father finished breakfast that morning later in the day. The young Freysar had just arrived from the early morning-fog’s swim along Freysar’s Gate. As the name suggests, it was not far off from the Freysar home, which covered a great many acres around the already large house. 
“Hmm?”
“The silver-blue fish, he just mentioned it!”
“I never mentioned I was afraid!”
“I never said you were. It was just to make a point.”
“What point?”
“About the silver-blue fish? Who’s afraid of a fish?”
Freysar’s mother peered through the top end of her eyeglasses. Eyeglasses weren’t quite the word, however. They were more like eyegear. A large flat frame which wrapped around her eyes and had a protruding metal covering for her nose; the spaces for the eyes to see were two protruding cylindrical shapes through which the holes were covered with a very light aluminum mesh. Her eyes could be seen just roughly through the outward cylinders. 
“Nobody’s afraid of a fish,” said Freysar. He stood up, grabbing his thin glasses from the dining table and putting them on. “And certainly not me!” Freysar left the dining room.
“What was that?” Freysar’s mother spoke.
“I don’t know. He got frustrated. He frustrated himself.”
“What do you mean ‘afraid’?”
“He’s afraid of a fish.”


































































Thrice then on the night from whence the moon was beginning to see itself enlarged and somewhat mint and plump, the figures slid on wooden sleds along the slightly slanted woods, whose trees, it appeared, were themselves apparently slanted to some capacity— or gnarled, more like it. The capstones of snow and blankets of flakes and leaves gave a scintillating effect to the otherwise plain and deserted white landscape. Or perhaps blue it was, as the moonlight had then, on that night, a bluish glow, and thus the snow was coated in a soft and deep indigo velvet. The expanse rolled through into itself and outward into the mountains capped with stones and adorned with beautifully caparisoned pines. Most notably, at the figures’ feet were the pinecones dashed here and there by squirrels and foxes and all other memorable snow creatures whose noses appeared most throughout the wintry months of Christmas. Their dark black noses were quite noticeable against the snow, in other words. Christmas! he thought, which was in itself quite an embarrassing thought— to admit such a swift and forgetful attitude to the rushing of time was embarassing… Or embarrassing it was not, rather it was somewhat frightening. Christmas? he thought. And it was an endearing and quite valid manner of interrogation. Though, who did he interrogate, then? Himself? In any case, Christmas very nearly drew, and this night was their third in a row. Their third night of moving along with sleds through the maritime sheen of a midwinter’s night. And by maritime one does not mean a mere metaphor in this case. For, before them, not far beyond the gabled woods, stood the grand nuclear facility! Needless to say, the facility was hugged right up against the coast which lay not far, and behind the facility the expanse stretched upward into a large cliff. So then that maritime air streamed in from the washed-up waves which crashed against rock and sand, and carried wind currents on the figures. Another key detail of the figure as a collective rests on the very peculiar and somewhat unorthodox use of the word “sled” to describe the very un-sled-like machines they carried with them— and rode. First and foremost they were more of a a moving machine— a vehicle, something akin to a vespa. Though, almost self-evidently and infamously, they had no wheels, rather the bottom had ski footing to slide upon the snow, kicking up powdered white fluff as they descended down upon the coast. The sound of the sleds were quiet, and only let out a droning buzz— not that of a typical machine, rather it was more akin to reverberating swarms of bees, as though in a large and echo-prone cave.
















































But hidden beneath the great steel walls which protruded from the now wet soil, there was nothing, was there not? One would suppose, with their great strict  pillars, and their austere architecture— that they housed something. The walls extended upward incredibly, and the whole palette of the thing was all in brown, gray, and desaturated blues. Hues of rust ran along certain elements, but all in all, it was quite neoclassic. Truly, standing there just beyond the other side of the road, it looked quite solemn in the rain, though then one would suppose— that it must house something? It seemed so to him. He had to keep a close and soft gaze, so as not to alert any public officials which may beckon at his dubious posture. He placed his hands in his pockets, watching the buses stream in and out of the side of the building. There was nothing more to the building apparently. All else was vague and unseemly. Only its large stature, those public officials, and the apparently endless stream of steel buses which buzzed through the wet roads. The roads were quite narrow, and given just enough of a window, he may be able to cross— there was no crosswalk, apparently. That itself was concerning, or was it instead no cause for concern? Was it instead not a rather normal observation for a building which expects no outsiders. Even standing where he stood was suspect, but most suspect was how he suspected that the building had nobody. Perhaps not utterly peculiar or out of the ordinary for a building which was somewhat benign and set to be torn down in a few months— but most curious was what it housed only just a week ago. He kept along the edges of the sidewalk. It was early morning, though the sun had not yet reared its face, and instead a quiet flood of still nascent sunlight, and an increasingly isolating moonlight, washed together to give the whole scene before him a pale and pinkish tinge. The air was pink, the clouds were gray, and that bureaucratic building was— monotonous? The words slipped a little, and it was much too difficult to describe it with precision. The building, in a sense, was austere and bureaucratic, classical in scope, but somewhat latently modern. The pale pink haze was still dark, and therefore the streetlamps were illuminant, and there could be seen with great brilliance the lurid flames of cigarettes lining the other end of the street. The public officials, dressed in their formal raincoats, or trench-coats, however one classify them, formed glinting  lines of flicker-flames of cigarettes. 
Still, forgetting about the public officials, it was those ridiculous buses which piqued his interest more. Their lights bleared and were even more garishly reflected through the fog. They were endless. But, perhaps it’d be best to illustrate the sort of bus these were. Completely unpainted, built with steel, their shape was more cylindrical than the typical rectangular or angled shape of a bus. Cylindrical, yes, as though a sort of moving pod. The front was utterly flat, with the top half of the front, flat face being occupied by a large wrapping window, which covered the semi-circular area to the edges. Tinted to such degree that the figure inside— presumably the driver— appeared only static and unmoving, totally unidentified beyond being recognisably human. There were no windows which wrapped any part of the area of the curved (sideward) face of the bus. Their wheels were totally small, appearing only to carry the entire weight as they were all packed near the central line beneath the bus, crowded together. Being so small and so hidden, it gave the somewhat unpleasant illusion that they had no wheels— unpleasant for its uncanniness. It felt a bit beyond the times. 
Alas, however, he strode a bit further to his left— toward the eastern wing of the building, from the officers’ perspective. Privately deployed, he had few ethical concerns about any decision or course of action he felt he needed to take. That, however, served little in the way of negating his hesitancy concerning his own safety. The best course of action was, he thought, to follow the buses.
He fingered the scarf wrapped around his neck, attempting his best to appear as ordinary as possible. Beyond him the town ran against an industrial setting. Large spiraling factories, and buildings which hung out from others which were themselves constructed in a variety of shapes, crescent, domes, and t-shaped. A heavy smog mixed with the glowing, amber incandescent lights of vehicles and splintering lamps which poured out from the ground or hung from the buildings in chandelier-like manner. 
“If the buses go further into the district, I follow then into the district. In any case, I have some form of identity— something, at the very least.” He tugged at a card within his coat; the card identified him as a private investigator, with his photo in a blurry black and white. “And while there, I suppose I should think of what to do then.”
He recorded this memo into a miniature device which he held up near his scarf, before placing it into his pocket.


Walking along the sidewalk, now quite deep into the district, he felt the heavy air of decomposition and decay. The buses still poured out, in constant rate, through the main street, Strephon’s Avenue. To his side, a building which, as one looked upward, curved out and over the avenue, stood with its lights on, and a sign displaying a pleasantly timid “Open” announcement. Pleasant too was the actual text, as he was famished, having now walked for what seemed about a half hour from the main building. He went into the quaint establishment, expecting only a few people, as the small windows seemed to betray the interior’s empty seating. Though, upon entering, he was met with what was a full house. He waded along through the people, intoxicated or other, to reach the front and decided just then that he'd remain standing. That is to say, there were no seats.
“Do you have any food?”
“There.” The establishment’s owner pointed at a hanging menu. 
Perusing the text for a little while, he thought about what might be best.
“That sandwich there.”






























































The leopard’s fur, matted against the wind which grazed along its silver threads, flared up as he scaled the mountaintops capped with snowy ends. The sky whirred and interlocked with the somewhat loose and misshapen clouds which sparred across its surface, pulling at one another in an apparently deeply abyssal indigo— the sky’s backdrop was dark and violet, and stars were as though splinters forced themselves through its felt. They beamed, or gleamed, and here and there, mottled across the landscape, rocks and stones glinted or shone, in some cases giving them a pleasantly wet and damp appearance. There was no grass but the edelweiss and other flora which brushed against the gray stone and snowflaked-skin of the leopard. He grimaced as he manoeuvred against the endless landscape. And though the snow caps of the mountains were indeed there, and were mentioned, the leopard had no such idea; they were far too high and unreachable for him.


































The city was limned with tearing lights which peered out from each window, each lamppost, each car which bleared against the highway— the large bridges washed in from above, sweeped through and around buildings; the subway flashed along, the smearing lights, bright yellows against concrete and silver. The city was awash in an electric amber. The subway station was alight with glowing signs, digital moving text which announced the times of arrival and destinations. The skyscrapers were black. All along them as they lined the main roads were the contrast of the modernist and satin-like architecture which adorned their top halves, with the lower halves, which were decorated, maximal in aesthetic, with peering sculptures on wide friezes, large fountains and glass doors, austere and aristocratic pillars, classically ionic.






































Just[a] against the edge of the city decked in steel and electric lights which hung from thick wires, ebbing across the somewhat darkly verdant sky, they were tucked into an apparently large house— it was not as though it were quite wide, or spacious; rather, instead it was simply large in some other sense; it was tall and narrow. 
Coralie sat against the conversation, looking out through the tinted frost-lined windows with a blank and boring expression. Her nose was reflected, red and flush. She could see the city quite clearly. Large looming buildings, black and grey, brown and green, in awkward and suspect shapes; some were straight, others leaned against others; other buildings curved into themselves in seemingly impossible forms. 
The wind outside was strong too. It was noticeably strong— trees, especially in the edges of the city as they were in currently, swung endlessly from one end to another with the wind’s direction. Coralie herself was dressed in a coal-black overcoat to protect against the wind. She lay her head on her palms, sitting on an isolated chair turned toward the window, far from the conversation which beamed behind her. Her hands were warm and her cheeks felt the suede gloves she had on; they were undyed. She couldn’t dare to pay attention to the conversation behind her. It was meaningless to attempt to— she had no care for it, in the first place. Though, of course, it appeared to be about topics she was unfamiliar with. With that, all she could muster up was the energy to stay put, sitting toward the window, and watch the moonlight shine a miniature theatrical set of the woods beyond. For instance, just then, the light filtered in through the swaying trees in front of her, and it fell dappled upon the now moonlight-washed duff and leaf litter. A small scurrying rabbit hurried along the scene, the moonlight (being guided by the moving branches) splintered and followed the rabbit, illuminating its brown-grey fur. 
“What!” 
The conversation behind her grew louder.
“And what do they think it is?” 
Though it soon fell back to a whisper. 
“I don’t know, I haven’t heard. But if I haven’t heard, you’d imagine that that’s it. There’s nothing they must’ve said. They don’t know, in other words.”
“But, wait. So they— they caught the thing, the— the animal, was it?”
“The figures— t’were multiple, recall. Or just one large thing, but no, they haven’t caught it, as I had said just before. See, look, what we do know… is that there were twenty-seven of them aboard at sea when it happened. The figure shows up. Right, and then, whatever happened, which we don’t know what happened, as I just said— whatever happened, they came back with eighteen aboard.”
“So the others were lost— or taken, I mean?”
“You can speculate all you want, and I don’t mind that. But the thing is, we don’t know. There’s no reason to suggest one or the other. Whether lost at some point before the counter, during the encounter, or after the encounter, we don’t know.”
Coralie did know what they were discussing. She had seen it, inconspicuously, scribbled on a newspaper which was littered just outside the narrow house. She hadn’t picked it up, of course— but she did read the title, and could see the photographs scrawled in the newspaper: “Sea Monster attacks Sailors!” The photograph was a blur, and she could not recall any details but a couple of the sailors standing for a photograph. Though, given the circumstances, they wore an off-putting and strange expression— shell-shocked by the event, clearly.
Coralie spun in her chair. 
“Where are the sailors?”
The two speaking, the investigator (who had come with Coralie) Jean-Shirke and the owner of the home, Mister Truss. Mister Truss was more the landlord of the building. Narrow and tall, there were others who occupied rented rooms above. Though, at this time, it was well within nighttime. Coralie greatly repudiated the entire investigative affair. She knew not the details, she thought. But why should she? She suspected it was awful, to begin with, nauseatingly hopeless, and a sore waste of time. She had only accompanied out of an interest in the edges of the city— she did not regret this totally. Even then, sitting so apart from the conversation made her come off as markedly evasive, up until asking her question quite loudly.
They had not heard— or rather, they had, but simply watched her with the same curiosity one would at a cat standing just beyond the front door.
“The sailors,” she repeated herself. She rubbed her gloves together as she did so. “The sailors, where are they now?”
“We don’t know,” said Mister Truss. “Even if we did, what good would it do if we can’t speak to them?”
“Can’t speak to them?”
“Just like Truss says,” continued Herr Jean-Shirke, “even if we did know, they are likely not to want to speak to us.”
“To you, it may happen,” blustered Coralie. “I only think that’s the only mode forward, is all.”
“The best mode forward— not to mention that isn’t the only mode at all— is to gather as much empirical data on the figure, the sea in that particular region of the encounter, and have some plausible explanation. We were hired privately, recall, and therefore there is a particular manner in which we should do things.”
“...”
“What I mean by this, is that it could very well be that our anonymous client is one of those very men. It would be both awkward and unprofessional to risk being in too close contact with any of them insofar as we are so early into the investigation.” Herr Jean-Shirke dropped his voice at this final phrase, maintaining the clandestine atmosphere, and noting the ceiling above erupt in a gaudy rush of footsteps. Plaster dust fell from the ceiling. They all looked up with a certain degree of curious dismay. Coralie, however, was less concerned, and thought it best to utilise the distractive situation to step outside.
The amber lights which lit up the house from inside flooded through the windows against the velvet bark of the trees stationed like figures surrounding the building. Their leaves were freshly wet with cold and reflected shines of light. She ambled, flustered— her knees and elbows seemed to be rushing in blood, cold and damp— more closely into the thicket of trees and shadows which extended and gnarled into themselves. She was into the umbra, and no moonlight filtered— the shade of the darkly canopy above stretched over and webbed across the sky, giving the covering an opaque and indigo muslin appearance. Only through small pockets of translucence could she make sense of the stars’ and moon’s silhouettes gestured across her— the light which did manage to filter in along the edges left an illuminated and textured erotic comeliness which one may find when light filters along a habutai silk nightgown, betraying some glimpse of flesh— as did indeed the veiled canopy betray the flesh of sky.
She settled on sitting just beyond the pale dark center of the forest’s gaze, trampling over leaves and brush, scurrying away rabbits and squirrels. Sitting down with nothing to do seemed at once so ordinary and so extraordinary— she had nothing to do, on the one hand, and nothing to do on the other. It was a dilemma she was keenly aware of. She could sit just beyond, and make some sense of either her thoughts or the sounds about her. Of course, one may even suggest they are merely one and the same thing— symbols of perception. And perhaps too this was key. Alas, she did sit with her knees tucked cold and her arms in a timid-ish embrace around her shins, of which were protected by her boots. She felt so peculiarly and intensely open. She couldn’t make sense of the meaning, and such a thing was altogether somewhat meaningless in some sense or another, of which she couldn’t make sense of either. But she did notice that there was a very obvious wall between her and the things which she perceived— the natural world, in other words. So intimate and so distant, one had to keep a very balanced distance, or as many do, oscillate around intimacy and apartness in a very volatile manner. Altogether too much was the case that she had in front of her too much openness to the world— it was rather not that there was nothing to do— but that the very idea of having so much potential was in itself central to her paralysing anxiety— ‘having nothing to do’ was simply her attempt at abstracting her feeling into something more easily understood— or perhaps it did best at alienating herself and her autonomy from her predicament. That was it, she thought. That must be the case! She alienated herself. But then, knowing that, what then? If she has alienated herself, or rather that some institutional sense in her body had flourished this outgrowth of alienation, what then, she wondered. Now this was the real puzzle. The puzzling aspect to action. She decided she’d get up and walk and think about it once or even thrice more, circuiting through the forest, but no— no, what good would that do her. Best if she stay put here and leave the sense to those sensible— clearly, she was not one of those. Senseless, without sense; she belonged there. What do they call those? Coralies.
Of course one can’t go on thinking forever— either by voluntary pull or an external push, one eventually sputters and scrambles. In her case, she was pulled out of the forest, dark and brimming with nothing, by a small (or so it seemed to her) creature which gripped her legs. She was quite wary of holes and dangerous, slithering creatures. She was indeed quite afraid of holes, she was keen enough to watch her step as she walked through the forest when first entering. Though just then, as though she had only sauntered about the forest with her eyes closed, and missed this very hole here which appeared beneath her, it seemed to her that she had been pulled into this quite large hole, dug straight into the ground, totally vertically. Was this worrying? This was worrying. Though worry not, she thought, and had worried not, indeed. Quite calm along the entire excursion through the ground— she was unconscious.
And then, how do things collapse? Apparently, always in on themselves. The hole fell into itself— was there any other way to put this? The soil coalesced into the hole and it were as though there were none in the first place— was there none in the first place? She had sworn up and down there was no hole, but then there was? Had she mayhap been mistaken in her survey of the land? Whatever the case, she had been devoured, and the hole had devoured itself, and wherever she was being taken, too might it devour her again. 
She appeared on the other end. 
Awoken to the scent of wet clothing, her eyes were red and bleary, and her vision was cut. It was blurry and tilted and she could hardly make sense of things. It was not long before she saw just beyond her legs (she was lain quite awkwardly on hardened soil and stones) a miniature figure— a stout man, no taller than possibly three feet, wearing a rather elegant sailorman’s attire, white with blue stripes. A large nose which teetered between bulbous and pointed, and a rugged face with a somewhat unkempt beard you may find on a late nineteenth century fisherman. Lightning struck behind, illuminating his face in flashed intervals— the thunder was distant and tautly muted. The whorl of crimsoned clouds caught her peeking attention, and she saw the storm move inward on itself. Rain fell in the distance. It did not take long for her to sit up straight and take note of her surroundings. While totally uncertain about the location, she could not help but notice the brooding, deep ocean right in front of her. Dark and murky, it was nothing like the transparent water one finds at a lake. It seemed to beg some fear about it— it was mature; crashing against the shores and uplifted terrain.
But most particular of all was the stalking sensation. To be caught in a series of events where one can alienate themselves from the situation was a all too frequent. Just then however, she caught glimpse of what appeared to be a figure painted in the distance. Large, beyond recognition, there was no associated shape or form— no gesture nor frame with which it could be discerned. Without making anything out however, there was movement. Movement which seemed to demand attention, and most of all, made it seem as though she herself were demanding attention from it. She had not just the sensation of observing, but of being observed. All too common was the notion of observation. To observe— this was so central to experience. Why then, was there such a strange peculiarity to being observed? Was it not obvious— was it not because it was precisely so ordinary? Observer and observed, caught in a daze which gazes— put simply, it was that things and thoughts and surroundings only ever demanded attention from her. But the creature looked back— she demanded its attention, consciously or not, merely through the organic conflict that grows between two observers.
There was, needless to mention, also the stub of a man— whosoever he was, he had quite the undemanding presence. Everything about him seemed to totally reject perception. But alas, he was there and Coralie supposed she should grant him some sort of audience. Albeit, she was hesitant to the fact, after all; hesitant that he required any audience at all. The short man bore no symbol of life— he didn’t seem approachable in the slightest, and he acted as though he could not speak.
“Young girl! Young girl, what— no, no how are you?”
He spoke. And with some quick-witted attitude, no less. She had been donned ‘young girl.’ Was this flattering? Was it infantilizing? The only infant, it seemed to her, was this cunning gnome of a man perched on a large stone right in front of her (as he said his greeting, he perched himself upon a stone, needless to say). He made quick witness of the girl, a glance of her forehead, a glance of her feet, was all he needed. 
“What brings you here?”
“Me? What brings me here? Or, what brings me here?”
“All the same. You merely showed up. What brings you— here?”
“Me, in contrast to others…? I suppose I had been pulled into a hole. And what brings me here, in contrast to other places…? Well, I had been pulled into a hole.”
“No, no, sure that’s how you got here. But why?”
“Why? Well aren’t the two somewhat interchangeable?” she said rather indistinctly. “The why of a something can be— sort of, at least— be summed up by its how.”
“Sure, if you seem so satisfied with that.” He stroked his beard, but he did so with both hands, grabbing large fistfuls of hair and stroking them down at their ends. 
“Well, yes! It’s a grammatical error on your part! See, the meaning of the action can be summed up quite simply as an explanation of the action— its how.”
“...”
Coralie stood up, watching the monsieur gnome-man very intently.
“Why are you— of others— here?” She flipped the question onto him.
“That’s a ridiculous question.”
“No it’s not. And even if it were, it is certainly required of a good-mannered gnome (gnome?) such as yourself to reply aptly and promptly!” She felt some sort of overconfidence in the situation.
“Gnome, she says…” he murmurs. “All right, then! I live there.”
He turned only just slightly behind him at an angle, right up against the ocean. There it was. It was some sort of machinic structure. A nuclear facility, or the like. It was old, at the very least, but had the form one might expect of the post-modern eclectic western. It was a bit asymmetrical in places, and had the oddest of materials, but it was there and hauntingly there, at that. There was no manner to describe the structure other than a bit of a curio in its own way. Any attempt at defining one end would risk de-emphasising the other end, and it was all going to be a miserable mess of language. 
“There, yes, yes. See, you might find it quite outre, or queer, or what you may call it. But it's really quite the cozy place. And look at this.”
He pulled up his white sleeve to expose a curious silver watch, 
“It’s almost time for dinner!”
“But it says eleven something?”
“Verily, it does, indeed. Keen eyes, then we are more late to dinner than I thought!”
“Late?”
“Well, we can surely make it,” he said as he got off the stone and began a carefree saunter toward the house. “Follow me,” he said, looking back. “We might just make it in time!”
She hurriedly followed closely behind him.
Most interestingly was how the grass appeared to simply bob in and out of the soil as they pressed further into the coast. And, even more interestingly (Coralie was very easily intrigued by the smallest and largest of things), the lamps in the distance appeared to bob up and down, too. Though, this, unlike the grass, seemed more distinctly obvious— harder to ignore. While the grass bore its unique ‘bobbing’ only in her periphery— whereupon glancing dissolved the illusion— the lamps, even upon closer inspection, under a tighter gaze, her brows furrowed and focused, really did appear to bob up and down.
“Monsieur gnome? What could those be?”
“(Monsieur, she says?) What might you mean by ‘those’?” he replies.
“The lamps. Or, rather, the lights in the distance. What are they? Lamps?”
“Those are lights, yes. The senior officers from the Bureau for the Policing of Lumens.”
“Senior officers?”
“Make of it what you will.”
It felt as though they were trespassing. The terrain was increasingly barren, stones reflected the simmering light which illuminated their surfaces with each lightning strike. The thunder, while distant, was larger, louder, emanating from the facility— or, the home. The lamps were closer, too, and larger than she could imagine. In her head the lamps were radiant, though small, swinging from the arms of the senior officers. Who these senior officers were was very much beyond her. It didn’t do her much good to speculate either. She held her thoughts in place and thought instead that she should allow herself the pleasant surprise. 
She wanted to open her mouth and say something, but her words were held in place, too. There were many, sure very many, things she could talk about. There was the… the thing, and also that other thing, and a great sundry things! Altogether, however, so many things and things mesh into nothing, and the words halt themselves, they get strangely warped, and they become a grammatical mess of “and this?” and “or this?” or “what of this?” and she had not the courage to bumble across her language so badly. And what of such  questions anyway, she thought. What good were questions? She’d get an obviously dissatisfying  answer, that much she knew very well. And no answer, while less satisfactory, would yield the same and equal cognitive effect— that she would know perhaps less than had she not come up with the question at all, in the first place. It seemed to her, rather than being elucidatory, questions did more to mess with her cognition, giving words to non-things, and forgetting to address what were things, if any such thing could be said to be a thing. For instance, she may ask “and what is the meaning of the Bureau for the Policing of Lumens; or, better said, what were they formed for, or with even more precision, what makes a Bureau for the Policing of Lumens the Bureau for the Policing of Lumens and not the Bureau for the Policing of Knicknacks, for example. What do they do?” That seemed apt enough, it covered strong bases of meaning, or the general use-cases of the Bureau, and was open for a real, proper answer. And let us suppose then the gnome gives some answer like, “Well, they are there to organise and mandate the use and non-use of light sources.” And so that, it seemed to Coralie, may be a good answer. But then, what does it mean to mandate the use and non-use, and why need a Bureau for it in the first place. It may seem a bit redundant, but does one not mandate their own use and non-use of light by simply turning a light switch on and off? Or was it instead that they controlled the grid and power supply? In that case, why not call it that? And so, even if the answer were, “Well, I suppose that would be a better name, but that is not their name, even if that is what they do,” then naturally, the question is why such a name in the first place? Now here then the investigation ends. We know what the Bureau is named, we know what it does, and while Coralie may have her gripes with the whole naming convention which is apparently so awkwardly at work, then she cannot say anything. There is no investigation of the true meaning of “Policing Lumens” because such a substantive for a word doesn’t exist. It sort of lies a little off to the side, in that social use of a word. And she can suppose then, that the use differs here from what she may think it does (because of how it is used in her own environment). Naturally, too, the question becomes, what is this place, such that the Bureau be named that. And the investigation then is of this place, more broadly. And so she is left with an even bigger question, concerning, needless to say, the makeup of this place! But could she not be mistaken in the first place with her suggestion of what the Bureau does, when constructing the notion in her head? 
The Bureau really did police lumens. At least, what else could it be policing? Gathering closely at the edges of the facility, where the large metal fences which surrounded it were just there in front of them, the gnome stopped at the gate and began to finnick around in his pockets to find what, Coralie could only guess, were keys. As he did so, she could spot the lamps quite clearly. But even then such wording was very, very misleading. They were lamps, and lights too. But they were on their own. Nobody held them. Well, it was more as though they were held up by large silhouettes, very tall, with long, thin legs and limbs. Though the lantern was not held by any of these limbs, but was their very heads themselves! They were the senior officers. And, while dark, scattered across the demesne’s courtyard were miniature versions of these creatures, running around. In varying shapes and sizes. The very tall ones were characterised by, besides being tall, their cerulean wool-and-leather caps which demarcated them as the officers of the Bureau.
“Monsieur gnome?”
“Yes, what is it?”
“So do the senior officers there police the lamp-people?”
“The lamp-people?” He looked up bewildered at the phrase. “Oh, you mean the lumens. Yes, very fierce little creatures. Much energy, much vitality, they have to be supervised otherwise they can cause a myriad of troubles around the house.” He clicked the key in.
“So the senior officers of the Bureau for the Policing of Lumens— they police the lumens?”
“What other meaning could there be?” he says. The gate opened with a shriek.


What other meaning, he says, and with such a wry expression, too. The clumsily made gnome is sure the worst of the worst— and even the worst would be quite humiliated to have him amidst their rank! Coralie followed closely behind him, his rump illuminate with the most obscure, blue glow which seemed to resplend from the apparently hidden moon… 




























Patina, sheen, umbra, and gaps beneath doors.
Whereupon one finds what is unfindable, what there? What is unfindable? Those features which hide themselves in other things, those things which linger between the edge of object and property. Is a shadow a property of a person? Is it its own object? What about a crevice? Or a gleam? Does one spot these out on their own? May one search for me that oh so elusive crevice or sheen without surface, umbra without shadow, or even a patina without metal? Needless to say, it is these which beg the least attention to themselves as things. But are they all properties? Not all are. Is a gap a property of a door? Is a shimmer a property of a lake? One may make the case that a patina may be a property. But what they certainly aren't, are Platonic Forms; those I am not— very thoroughly not— interested in. Such questions are abhorrent; where is beauty, how may one adore beauty, beauty as a common feature, he plays. Beauty most certainly is not a common feature of beautiful things! Whatever the case, these are all markedly distinct from other forms of things we encounter. We are readily available in our sense to perceive what begs to be perceived: we may rest our eyes on a tree, a pretty painting, or perhaps another person. All these demand attention in their own unique way, all of which are especially interesting, but beside the point. These— those named at the top, which have hitherto been our object of discussion— are emergent objects; or dependent, if you will. They don’t lie alone. Instead they shift and move in relation to parent objects, emerging from interactions, perception, and phenomena! 
Let us broaden our scope, as we had mentioned interaction. I would like to make a small distinction: that of the action itself, and that being the thing, a sort of state, which is self-evident from the action, inseparable but distinct from it. These will be clearer in a short time. 
The deepest part of the shadow, the strange depth of  a night sky, the glow of the moon; dirt beneath fingernails, a gap between lips, a scratch on the nose, a blush, the pressing of limbs against one another; the gleaming reflection on glasses, the blemishing of skin, a pale discoloration of tooth, creases upon a scrunched nose, or a forgotten, wrinkled letter. Praise these! Praise that which seemeth go unnoticed! Oh, but they do not! I do not claim to have a unique access to these things… they are very much seen and known and felt. I merely wish to give them their little light— only momentarily, then I must steal it again. They grow more profoundly when left to the subconscious, where they stir all sorts of things. The conscious is too riddled with complexes, notions, and ideas: the conscious filters things too harshly. Distinctions are made. There is this and the non-this. I wish to abandon these both ! Within the subconscious, these things are not known— rather, things of more profundity— things with more surface— stir all over, moving about as a splintering of colors does within a moving prism… 


































The great, expansive, and wild ceilings, filled with gold and dazzling illustrations (spread across an un-polished wood with a markedly distinct patina) seemed to her to descend and settle on her like fresh snowfall— it felt frigid, and open, and spectacularly suspended. Dust fell flatly— or in flattened swirls— upon the corners, the center of the room’s persian rug, the staircase which flowed with an indefinitely sprawling velvet carpet. There was the gleam of the chandelier and the gleam of the white, uniform attire they wore which was dressed down in badges and pins and keys; many, many keys. Strikingly, for all its beautiful features, the whole setting was altogether somewhat monochrome. The only things which stood out were the gleam and glittering of light. And all in all, there appeared to be a delicate, translucent nylon’s sheen over her vision— one which at once appeared to obscure details profoundly deep, into a strange glow, and which offered, too, a clarity and clairvoyance about the whole scene. She felt as though she could see fluttering and quick-moved figures and forms float about the stairs, sit upon the fireplace nearest the edge, and circle the center’s rug in a delightful reverie of conversation— phantoms of time. The sense of things gave her a particular sentiment, one which made her nose itch at its end and her fingers tremble. She could feel her limbs on her attire in an awful manner. 
She could feel how the large building branched out in gnarled corridors which appeared to make no sense, crossing over one another and sometimes imposing upon one another, leading into dead ends and infinite paths, circumambulating a particular region— that being the rug in the center with its stationary chair (for the moment!) and the lone table which did not move (for the moment!). The corridors were heavy and intimidating, not to her (most certainly not!), but to one another. They were hostile, moving, alive, devouring one another, forming new corridors, slipping past one another, being annihilated in visions of death and steel collisions. 
“What of the doors?”
“What of them?”
“Which do we take? You see,” he gestured loosely at the many doors which radiated from the circular walls around them. The wallpaper was a garish pale yellow.
“What would I know? We can take the best one, or the best one. Or, we can take the worst one, or the worst one. Either is fine, and either is terrible, really. What does it matter to you?”
“Well, I don’t want to take the terrible route if need not be! What about you?” He asked.
She paused for a moment. “We can take the first one on the left.”
They resolved on the left one. Entering the hall, pulling aside the door, they went along with a slow ambling pace, and for more than a few moments all that could be seen was the lightened penumbra of their figure cast against the darkening walls. 
“What was that owner’s name again?” she asks.
“Sir Orpheus, he calls himself. Though, of course,” he casts a witting glance, “is that really his name?”
“I suppose there’s some doubt. Orpheus, orpheus— that’s Greek, is it?”
“I believe so, but even then, it’s from some work or another, if I recall. Orpheus, orpheus,” he settles into an intimate mutter, “Orpheus… Sir, too… Sir, he says. Sir? Is that not a legal term, or a royal term?”
“It could be used casually, no?”
“Maybe, but even then, in London, you’d expect a bit more distinction between being a Knighted ‘Sir’ and the ordinary, albeit very antiquated, usage. Who uses sir? Sir? Sir? It even has that ring of antiquity, a very weird tone comes with the word.”
“Sir… Sir… Sir…” she repeats to herself in a personal murmur. “You may have a point. In any case, he doesn’t reside here, we said. But do you know why?”
“Oh no, no I don’t know. He lives elsewhere. Was spooked out of the building here. Resides somewhere else, or is dead. Who knows? Certainly not me! What a thing to know, too! Doesn’t help here.”
They continued to walk forward. 
“At any stage, we’ve got a very direct target here. To explore the corridors, find the—”
“The heirloom, yes.” She blew a tuft of hair which scratched her lips. “Whatever such a thing may be.”














































“You have to turn the knob this way! Left!”
“Yes, you think I’m not aware of that?” Said the fox, kneeling and striking a soft ear against the abyssal, iron, large vault door. He was caparisoned in a great, dazzling suit— a brown and earthy coat and a neat pair of light brown-orange trousers. Nearest him was the brown cat, Neleance, with green eyes which pooled like lilies on her murky, soil-coloured fur. Her whiskers gave off the ever-so subtle scent of virgin rainfall. He turned the knob with the particular awkwardness befitting a creature such as he with large, loathe paws for hands. 
“You’re doing it all wrong! You’re not paying the slightest attention to that ticking noise it makes, or that click so characteristically obvious…” said she. “Let me at it!”
“What? That I’m not paying attention? I’ve got the much greater ear for this than you, brutish cat!”
“Brutish?” she gasps. She pulled aside her longish black coat and shoved the fox and began to turn the knob, hearing intently. The fox fell with an unpleasant thud. The sound only quietly resounded against the backdrop they had the displeasure of finding themselves in. A darkened, quiet, old room which was more of a really long hallway, ending in the wooden door at the end, opposite their end. Or, that is to say, they were at the end, and the door opposite them was the start— the entrance, in other words. Such a squalid door, it was. Made the job quite easy— were it not for the great vault door which followed. You see, they were performing a quite hasty and ambitious heist. Of what building? That seems beside the point. Whether what was held was gold, a painting, or even a very significant scientific instrument, they were going to sell it for liquid cash— money was the motive, or was it that motive was the money. Motive most certainly seemed a currency of will.
“Cash in your motive for a greater will, said the dashing fox,” said the somewhat dashing fox (we give him his dues and his non-dues).
“Enough. Let me pay close attention.”
He pulled back slightly, still thrown over the floor
“You know, omnivorous mammals are the best, they say.”
“Who says that?”
“Many, many, of course. How could they not? The omnivore has a heightened sense of living. He not only digs deep into flesh for the purposes of flesh, but delights himself even in a great feast of berries and fruits which leave his snout mottled and righteously colourful. In that sense the omnivore is both acquainted with a deep, tenebrous red, but so with the dim, scintillating colours of blue and green— both of which gush out with an all-too spectacular display. Whereby the teeth sinks into the surface and exposes the core of living— that obscure, strange glow which is enveloped and kept secret and clandestine by the pushing-up-against of flesh or fruit upon the sunlit (or moonlit) skin.”
“Yes, yes I’m sure.”
“Felines are not omnivores, am I mistaken?”
“You are not.”
“Ah, then what a shame really… have you not cared for a fruit, then. Or perhaps even a nice cashew or cushion of almonds in your paw?”




















Wherefore do the days drag with such imprecision? How is it that they push against one another on other occasions, that they web and hit flesh on flesh with such brilliant, virile speed? Those wretched days have no care in the world for what goes on and what stirs between and within them. 
Sat against the backdrop of a wet spring, the snow still plopped awkwardly in sparse piles which were strewn across the lake’s edge. She could make no sense of the seasons for herself. T’was cold, indeed. She was nearly in the nude, save for a fur’s garment which was tied tightly with strong plants’ stems, covering her breasts and rear. Her hair was damp and cool, black as black can be. She held death in her hand, though it took the form of a squirrel. The squirrel was dressed in autumn-ginger fur. She brought the creature close to her lips and bit into the abdomen. She could feel each small muscle pulsate against her lip as it flexed against her teeth. She could feel the silent spill of intestines onto her tongue… flesh on flesh, a colourful stir of taste and texture against her wet, pink-ish tongue. Pulling herself away, she had bits of fur along the edges of her mouth and specks of red and white which hung from her lips like ornaments. The longer she waited, the more she tasted what was in her mouth, the more the squirrel decayed, limp, limp, limp further, and further— the insides poured and rushed onto her palms. 
What a shame the squirrel could never know itself fully. Nor shall the girl, either. It is only at that point, where its inside-self, forever wrapped in its skin, where it pushed always against the skin… it is only in this moment that the squirrel is revealed in totality, where its emergent self is cast aside and we see for that first time its total being, as a creature of nature. 
Things of nature flex outward and into themselves like things of time— all things of time are things of nature. Just as does time, those wretched things of nature— flesh! — have no care for what ephemerally stirs between and within it, however much it may stress its contemptuous self-importance.
So too arrives the time— sooner than later— when the girl is split apart and scrutinised by another— another who stresses his self-importance, as he picks apart her true nature in one simple, elevated act of consumption.


The warm chandelier’s light showered down and curled upward as though it were a translucent veil, dust swirling along its thin, becoming silhouette. There was an innocent, sultry glow which illuminated their pink-orange cheeks like patina— a mottled winter’s red was on their cheeks and their noses, and their faces were colourfully dappled in the ranges of hues, the blue, desaturated shade, the warm, orange light, the pink flesh, the red undertone. Could there ever be a greater stir of fervent colour than this? They danced, too. With partners, too. Women in women’s embrace, pressing against the skin of the atmosphere which pressed in against them. Behind the scene up against the windows— above the windows (which looked out into a great, large, pretty and wonderful expanse of trees which gnarled into one another, their branches devouring one another, subsuming one another, power against power, the wind whistling and whisking through their large, verdant canopies from which not a creature stirred)... Above these windows, was a large ceiling fresco of Perseus pursuing Medusa on Pegasus, his wan sword in one arm, his other holding the matte, desaturate pink-ish fur of Pegasus whose brilliance from its eyes to its snout exuded such reverence for life, for death, for quickness, for seriousness in its joyous flight, whose step was light… And Perseus, his feet dangling, light with wings, too. One could even feel the strong breeze run through their fingers and their ears— that fresh wind, that innocent wind of becoming, of interested disinterest. That natural wind that refused to call out names to the universal innocence. Pegasus’ matte, pink fur was resplendent— the girls’ dresses imitated this light feel, puffed out and airy, though also flat and reticent. 


He bore all the marks of a hero— he was righteously dubious, innocent, anew, moody, cynical, skeptical, capricious, ill-spirited. His fingers were wet, they reflected a shining light— they caused discomfort to the rest, they could not bear. How could they ever? Even amidst the fields of flowers which he had found himself in, he could see nothing but the carriage which had been stationed not far off. The sky was dark and covered over with a virile and spiteful atmosphere— each star was more hidden than usual, and the moon was new. Even despite this, despite all the features of the night, he could sense an innocent new-ness, a fresh senselessness— or, rather, every moment was a new becoming, subsuming the last, each flower subsumed the other; all was one large sublimation of one over the other, one against the other. He was skeptical of his sense but could not do without them. On the contrary, he felt deeply his sensual experience, and he felt even more deeply his self-experience as sensual, emergent, with a strange glow. Very much an adjacent experience, much like the stellar corona, brilliant and fleeting. He could feel this, too. How peculiar— that such a thing may observe itself. One may even be tempted to ask how that could happen… that there must be another who is the observer… that there shall I find my pocket of the eternal… 


Leisure has been of most interest— but it has a broader category of idea surrounding it. At its most general, leisure is quite well known already amidst hellenophiles, with how the Greeks understood leisure to be a moment of virtue-cultivation, not mere rest. Something more, something more? The thing that strikes me most with the Greeks is this virtue… where is this virtue that they speak of? What is this virtue? Of course, it is rather obvious what these grand Greeks referred to— knowledge, or the pursuit of knowledge, keeping the mind active… though I am truly hesitant to call this a virtue of any kind… It most certainly has some quality by which I would say it resembles (at the very least) a virtuous endeavour. I don’t deny that at all. Only, that there is such a neatly defined virtue, firstly, and secondly, that there be a properly good purpose and use of time in leisure such that it is virtue. Of course anyone can play at that word game and call anything a virtue and pat themselves on the back for exercising their virtue. And, in some nietzschean sense, I do quite like the Greeks’ anti-ressentiment virtues. Ambitions and pursuits of knowledge are certainly congratulatory. It’s only that I don’t quite find the pursuit of virtue as a virtue… Is that the case? It seems so to me. Or at least, the slapping of “virtue” unto some activity so as to justify it very neatly— human, all too human. To slap a sense to senselessness. Or perhaps even that wording is a bit too poor… It’s more like, an appeal to appeals. Why appeal? Are we appealing to the virtue of appeal? Where is  this virtue, I certainly can’t find much sense in it. Leisure, unlike the Greeks, is, to me at the very least, a rejection of the virtue of appeal. It unjustifies itself in every capacity, it resists appeal and justification. It’s arbitrary, indulgent, uncautious, open, unthinking, it’s ungraceful, inelegant in every way. One splays out in leisure, and has the gall to justify such an act?! I don’t condemn the act… In fact, I invite this unjustification, this radical no to the virtue of appeal. A proper leisure is the no.


The sense of pressures— or the pressures of senses


“Lanterns always strike here and there, if  you look down this hall, you’ll find the scatter of shattered glass and Oh! Watch your step…” She gestured out into the large, rolling hall which was set itself apart in front of them. From the left edge, the eastward wall, she could see out through the windows which were drawn closed with a pink nylon’s curtains— stirring only very slightly with the wind. 
“And why is that?”
“Why is what?”
“Well that. The lanterns, why do they strike the floor?”
“Oh, who knows. Or, rather, I know, but I can’t be totally sure, I think. But we can think of them as simply striking when the whim to strike strikes them.”
“Striking.”
“Striking, indeed.”
The light struck— striked— against the curtains, illuminating them with a pleasant glow. It was not day, but it was not night. It was early morning, so the fog had only just begun to settle outside, splintering the light in kaleidoscopic streams of faint, desaturated blues and reds like blushes of a wound. 
“And the house, how—”
“Manor.”
“Manor, yes. The manor, you said it was left like this when?”
“Err… I’m hesitant to say 100 years ago, but very close to a century ago.”
“And so that would place it…”
“Around the world war, around then.”
“Would that have something to do with it?”
“No, I’d have no reason to suspect that to be the case.” Turning up her nose, the guide— Presedias, she had introduced herself— moved further down with a careless saunter, avoiding the scintillating edges of glass with a certain awkward precision, but nonetheless ‘careless’ would be otherwise suitable. 
The most peculiar feature, despite the swinging lanterns which appeared as though they were about to be phantasmally plucked and dashed about, shaking with such vigorous tremor, was the almost silent ticking of a clock which appeared to ring around the entire house— though it couldn’t be of course. Could a clock be that loud? It seemed too distant. It must’ve just been quiet and close— loud and distant? Could it? Orithyia followed Presedias. Their draping clothes shuffled against each other in shadow— she could see the fuzzy shadows and her shadow in particular take up all sorts of forms and expressions, none of which she could make sense of, curiously ever-shifting. The total expression of the shadow was evanescent and caught in an uproaring rush of a multitude of expressions, one overtaking the other. But one thing retained its form— she, out of a curious curiosity, stuck out her arm in front of her as she gazed down at the shadow. While her arm was devoured in a series of mutative changes, her hand was unchanged, pointing out. She drew back her arm close to her chest in astonishment. The feeling of the sight beholden was, at the very least, astonishing. Though, more than that, it generated a strange and uncomfortable sensation. 


The dresser was dressed up very nicely, with its pinkish muslin mantle and the canvas texture which was woven into the lower ends of the polished wooden legs— they were a nice and gorgeous dark texture. There was no light in the room save for the faint blushed flame from the lantern propped up over the dresser. It was thus that the dresser’s pleasant brown guise was illuminate with a shimmering glow which spurred out and against her eyes which rested on their surface as she thought momentarily about many things. One of those many things was the welcoming of the noble family of Kioku— though not at all particularly known, they owned a great deal of new growing industries in paper production. She thought for a moment… ‘an owner of an industry— well, no, not the owner per se…’ she had no business with him. Rather, she was overcome with a comely surprise when she had learned she would be seeing his son. He was of her age. That is what they said.
She couldn’t quite bear the suspense. She hurriedly overcame the mirror, her appearance on full display as she made sense of the features on her face. Her face was a pale-white with her lips pressed purse on her face in a puffed-out red which soaked in at the edges. Her cheeks were a pleasant blush, and her eyes were powdered with light and clear blue hues along her eyelids. Her hair was up. She made a move for the closet and cabinets in quick succession, changing into a proper clothing. She wore a more fitting attire. Her kimono was made of a soft silk crepe dyed in a wan blue. Along the edges were the swirling designs in a golden and silvering sprinkle— they had the hints of a metallic oxidation, just faint enough to be spotted like a luminous, perspectival, dark glow. She rubbed down the fabric against her thighs, making sure they lay flat and tightened against her hips. Her palms felt the friction against the fabric generate a light static. Her fingertips were cold and her nails were fascinatingly translucent. She had a peculiar sickliness— one that someone might expect in someone as secluded and noble as she was. She had thought upon dearly the idea of going out with or without shoes. She hesitated, only for a moment, before deciding she could do without them. She fluttered down the hall in a hurry, then, and her feet rushed with a darkened shade upon her sole as they passed with a certain wit on each light step against the dark wooden flooring. 


I won’t find myself settled when these affects which toss and turn, loosened and constrained, come at last to their final resting points— when I can find for myself that high stage from which I observe myself and whisper back ‘oh! This is me.’ Me? What am I wishing to look for, whence did I have the desire to seek a me outside of me, a true me, a final person just peering behind, waiting to be actualised at a moment’s notice if only I (this wretched non-me!) find it in himself to move toward this true self. Oh, but no, these affects of which I am adjacent, like the emergent lustre which forms on blood when viewed from a certain style of perspective, these affects cannot settle. They are restless. Like the blood, miniscule shifts in temperature and structure, vibrations and tensions take place ever-constantly, forming this apparent red; this lustre of which, were I only to cast my gaze from another angle, would appear to me as totally distinct, totally strange, totally new. It is this perspectival gesture which takes place in any to-be, in that now-sharpened copula: is. When one takes note of the nature of interpretation present in this line of perspectivity, we see not that copula, but something different— a deferment of being. One, as one is, is constantly distinguishing and deferring the affects, forming this ephemeral, but virile, sense— a nascent sense of being, only a single perspectival masquerade against the changing nature— without end.


I am filled with countless microcosmos of evanescent desires which falter amidst themselves and brush and fury themselves further against one another. I must confess they are ephemeral, short-lived, and intense. I must confess that they are spontaneous, irrational, done without doer. It is moments such as these which make me feel all too human, all too thing, all too organic— my mind is taken over by more primitive affects, more primitive forms of thought, instant bobbing ups and downs of caprice and desire. These gradations which range from the most profound, slumberous, ancient mood-swings which dominate on the most obscure nights, all the way to that solar fury and crown of lucidity and over-thought, thought over itself. I take these, with all their longing, their frustrations, their contempts, their desire to subsume, into myself and they toss around in a colourful display which I can only call too human, too organic, all too organic. This must feel how a plant feels, or a cat, or a rock. The organic experience is the reinterpretatoin of things altogether too strange, too affectual, too dynamic, too changing, too shadowy, into something static, stable, ‘of essence’, experience, as it is so called. But be not mistaken, this is a mere statistical abstraction, like all other things— in reality this facade of experience hides what is more or less gradations of organic and inorganic processes and affects which are in constant tension and movement, their composition changing altogether at any moment— only in particular moments does one feel the erratic nature of affectual senses, sentiments which escape one’s cognitive grasp, which one cannot crawl themselves around with mere reason or thought or language! Feeling is all the more shadowy, all the more translucent, less muddied of language, though more complex, and intuitional. I am dressed down in envy and frustrative experiences— but what to make of these? Is this my call to action? In any case, there’s a tension between action and passivity— shall I enjoy this intensity a little longer? Am I permitted this luxury? Or am I forced to take the luxury of action instead. It all evades a clean statement. Even writing seems to come as generally useless. The particular issue is the rest-betweens. Not so much the general rule of inaction, but the sense of passivity between perceived “actional non-actions” — days of uselessness, days of nothing, days where you cannot do what you desire. A full year of inaction will render itself easier to bear than alternating weeks of inaction and, in the other, inability to choose inaction or action at all. That desperate wait… one more week… and I can continue my decision to act or not act… and then the week of inability once more. And time pulls the cover over such an existence… not even writing this can save the peculiar sense given off by such a state…


More strange uncontrollable sensations and feelings, a taste of melancholy is striking— I fashion it into the moving, luminous stir of black lacquer. 


I fawn over the aspects— the perceptions, the sense, what they may be. What they may become of themself. I sense movements of light and blue and pink hue which scatter over skin and mottled underskins, they give me a prickly sensation of desire. It’s all too unreal… she, whatever she may be, to me must be a virgin to observation. That she has never been observed nor ever observed. That I too am so innocent in perception— that our virginities are torn open with our own perceptions of one another. That may we, for the first time, be truly observed and truly observant at once— that I am both subject and object of desire. That she is both subject and object of desire.


I can take what is, or rather I willingly do, take all that is modern into myself. I could never be anti-modern, however much in vogue the whole concept or status of the phrase is. At an extremely fundamental level, anti-modernity is anti-life, nothing more, and certainly not anything less— any less could not be. It already represents such a dissonance and severing of natural and intuitive life that it may as well be ‘otherworldly’ if one had even the inkling of reason to believe in such. But in fact, it is of course its own form of worldliness. An ascetic one, a contemptuous one, though it may fain tell you not! Let me state, too, that I am not anti-change, either. Rather, it is in my love of change and impermanence that I find no fault in the modern. But even a throw of the dice will never abolish chance. Very very true, it seems to me. One cannot simply spark order out of the dappled, disorderliness which is, it seems to me, all there is. Any orderliness is impermanent, or transient, feeble. Any attempt at harkening back, as the reactionary may have it, or pushing further, as the revolutionary may have it, represent to me anti-wills, anti-life thinking. One disdains life for what it is, tries to preserve for itself its flame, neglecting in its queer metaphors that even the finest flame perishes to give way to newer, equally innocent sources of light. He is as moralising as the egalitarian socialist. On the other hand (of the egalitarian socialist), we have such a strange idealism of things, unmistakably inherited from Marx, they make the world out to be so neat and so fathomable. They can conjure up their order, if need be, in some cases they claim it necessary on some material grounds (is that so? asks any free spirited thinker). Their notion of progress is nauseating, even theologically stained. It is out of a love of change and an amoral (immoralising?) attitude that I take for myself what is given to me, that sea of modernity. I see things as the child does, they do not represent anything to me beyond their innocent impressions on me, devoid of morals, only in their aesthetic attitude do I chart them out in my heart. And no doubt the modern contains many poisons against my free-spirited virtue, but these are equally innocent and charming. One need be an ocean for which all rivers run into, and no matter how poisonous, dilute back into a crystalline water, absorbed into the crystalline water. But the sharp distinction is that I throw my contempt around and cast it all about— yet they all mistake it for a virtuous hatred, a virtuous condemnation— I could never accuse or condemn; it is all too charming to me, too innocent, however much I recoil at its many strange, untelling aspects. Not only from an epistemic and ontological matter, but from an aesthetic, revitalising one— one cannot pity things forever… our forever… and one cannot be too self-indulgent… my pity is not a crucifixion.


Why do I bother writing more. I suppose, like anything else, I can start by wondering why shouldn’t I write more? No, no; the answer is too simple, too. What else is there? Or, rather, a person turns to writing, or to expressing their inner world when they have some sort of deficiency on that “other, spectacular” side. That side of flesh, transience, indifference, virile and erudite bursts of just subtle-enough emotions— standing at the threshold, the fold, the skin, the in-betweens! Oh, how deficient am I in those precious in-betweens! How I lack the fervour and foolishness to toss up against the shore, all awash and nude and sun-blighted! No, instead I take up my position, far from it all, and have the sense to take my foolishness right with me! I have mine eagle and mine serpent. Shoo, shoo! I needn’t both! And certainly lesser the serpent… give me my call, and keep giving unto me my call, perhaps one day I’ll answer with a mischievous and throwing expression— and then will Life have been more precious and dear unto me than all the ‘wisdom’ of the Inner could ever be. 
To put it more bluntly, the ‘wisdom’ is no more than mere mechanic machinery made to justify deficiencies against deficiencies, packaging them all well and pretty, while remaining reclusive and hateful and spiteful of that ‘spectular’ other side.


We are all, I suppose, justifiably pagan in spirit. And I mean pagan in such a way that it denotes the antithetical to the ascetic. We all fall headfirst into life and novelty, with an inquisitive eye at every turn for the natural and the spontaneous and the dynamic and changing. I do not deny there are good ascetics, but I certainly am under the impression that there cannot be a perfect ascetic— an entirely contingent person can hardly ever dream of placing himself in his invented permanence. Of one way or other, the pagan spirit is the human spirit— ironic, curious, and paradoxically disinterested. How could one not be, is the more interesting question? The answer is, as was said and will be said: there is no example of one who is not. For centuries, or millenia rather, we had covered ourselves up against time and change and had sought our pockets of eternity which were un-eroded by contingency and child-like freshness. But we, whether ascetics or pagans, live in an age exposed to time and contingency, we have cast off our covers, we are struck with sickness and cold, the winds are harsh. Oh, but a bit further off I see the shores! Oh, but a bit further off there lie those rushing, dynamic waves whose structure is force and relation! Oh, I see it now, those bronze age men, those bronze age women, they— in perfect and sun-washed nudity— feel the winds and rush headfirst into the waters! I see their skin to skin, I see them fold into one another as they swim, I see their embrace, I see their creative souls. I see this now, and I see it soon, a total harkening back, a total going-over, a total down-going, a total looking-back, a total forward-rush, an outward rush against the winds of nihilism— how dearly do we love those cold, biting winds of nihilism—!


They all circle back, or rather perhaps they always toss themselves back into themselves— ideas, that is, thoughts, that is, actions, that is. I note that I am perhaps all too insecure in myself. I have the sense of security, and surely will I fain believe it too, but believing something… is not quite the same as performing out myself in such a manner that the belief is implicit and delivered out to others, or to myself— what does the ‘other’ matter! There are things I want to happen, things especially I want to happen to me, I’d adore to feel myself pulled out and into something new. But what guides such an attitude? Tearing it apart seems to give it a newer, more unfamiliar appearance: it seems to me that it is mere impotence virtue! And so then, I aestheticise the pull because I cannot push. Whether or not this is true or not serves me little. It seems to me that the only thing that matters is which mode of thought allows for a more active sense of Life. I promise, then, to myself, to toss myself back into old ways, ways not mine but old nonetheless. What happens so happens. In the end; it is always I (necessarily!) who comes out on that other end. 


More than pushing for a side there must be a push against the sides, an outgrowth that discourages a teetering toward one or the other. The antipolitical, the antireligious, they must be more novel, more unique, more fresh, more crystalline, more decadent, more sexy, more comely, more curious, more child-like, more wise— they must pull the rug on those things which have grown to take on a particular sheen of suspiciousness, a dubious character. They must turn their nose up against those all-too-familiar things, they must be new, interesting, modern, antimodern. They must turn up at each corner and drag out the covers. They must be innocent and wandering, zig-zagging across landscapes— in this, they are like those early men and women, those seedlings of civility, those sexy disregards and disinterests— only, as we have it, the modern man has an interesting, novel view— one that refuses a view, that sees them all perspectives, multiplicities of subjects and objects, each a fiction of their own. The modern must begin by viewing itself as a mere fiction, and its self (its doer, as we may have it) as another poor grammatical fiction. They drag the covers on this, too! And we are left with, when these covers are finally pulled, with a strong northerly wind gushing out from beneath! T’was, at the very end, mere movement and affection.


However common a thing may be, I, or anybody, must distance themselves from commonality. Must is too strong a word. It is only necessary, is what I mean. That one take the common and make it uniquely theirs, no matter. Love is uniquely mine, tears are uniquely mine, ambition is uniquely mine, desire is uniquely mine, breath is uniquely mine, the body is uniquely mine— none other can have it, none other knows it as I do. It is totally and utterly mine, none other loves, none others weeps, none other desires, none other breathes and feels. At least, not in the way I take these to be. One leaf is unidentical to the next but in their grammar. Likewise there is a special incommensurability between two things at all times, continuously eternally dissimilar in all capacities. There is no breath and no love like mine.


She had on her all the colours resplendent on her skin. Her flesh was blush and supple in hues and tones, fervorous, many, fawning grounds of natural and unnatural colours. Her mottled red cheeks were dappled all about in unique, leafed shapes of careful, subtle shifts in appearance, radiant pinks and blues, colours one could have never known were so pleasant against a perfectly sun-washed flesh. A pleasantly brown hair with numerous fraying forces pushing up against each other in the solar winds— the light beamed with a dark, brooding, sex-orange. All her features gave off the most pleasant sensations, and the most unpleasant sensations at once, I could hardly make sense of them. There are two types of sense! Der Sinn, that treacherous masculine type! and das Gefuhl! that feminine sense! (note the neuter article!) The sun was itself dark, gave off a darker glow at its edges. Praise the Sun! It has given me and given me and never asked once for anything in return. Praise she! She has given me and given me and never asked once for anything in return. Praise me! I have given me and given me and never asked once for anything in return. Soon, too shall our lights obscure themselves in our own looming horizons, they will scatter themselves back into us, in newer, more sexy, more interesting, more luxurious rays. Could we ever betray such a desiccated intérêt like they all do? Take we instead our unbekümmert, or— at the risk of being misunderstood— our Desinteresse. That is all we have sense for!


Is there anything more distinct, more filled with a disinterested stir of perceptive sense than the surface! That surface, it hides little and shows all! Praise the seen, must be our motto… the visible, the skin, all those things which lend themselves to us in total directness, which beg of no abstraction, which stir us into a myriad of multiple subjects and objects, interpretations, angles, lenses, which resist abstractions, and which abhor metaphysics; sense qua sense. Gefuhl qua gefuhl… could not our arts be this, impression for impression. Is perception of the senses, physical impressions on the eye, the ears, the mouth, the hands, included amongst our myriad of feelings? Feelings tend to be abstracted, I hate such. I hate such statements as I feel so and so sentiment. Rather, may we replace this with I feel such and such impression on my senses. 
The golden orange glow of the Sun casts a sexy bronze against my eyes, I see none other than a haze in brilliant rows of sheen and brilliant patina, illuminant and radiant; solar storms gather on my periphery, those brutish clouds gather with their bold stature, their posture posed to strength. Stands she, there, without any notice. She reminds me of a cat, just then, she lays in slumber. The rays whisk and whisper through and into her hair, dissolving into golden brown frays of a splendid mess, belonging to one who has tossed and turned to her heart’s content; her lids rest over her watery eyes like pleasant, pellucid and quaintly bronze-skinned lily pads. Colourful, teasing blossoms just beneath… Her nose rises and wanes into her lips whose posture is elegant, reticent, against the onlooker with a spiteful, contemptuous gesture. I am caught in surprise! Round and about her were her wandering arms, with a certain resplendent shine which piqued one totally as to invite to guess its warmth, whether from absorbing the sun or from emitting its own… at their tips were her translucent, curiously wan nails reflecting the sunglow— they took up my entire attention, against the illusory backdrop which had taken over my imagination, that of a great blue sea roving about us, the caustics leaped out onto her skin and her face was dappled in a certain hue, a very subtle, torn-out blue which pulled me only further. I could hardly think. Out then was the totally stern, eddying current which gave the ambiance a shifting shape, one which changed the scene before me in unimaginable capacity, for in one second the scene did not match the next. They were connected only loosely together by a particular impression they gave me, one which I had made for myself. I could throw myself over the atmosphere and float just above, caught in a reverie of colours and tensions, many unbeknownst to me, utterly new, totally fresh in scent. I could throw myself just then out, and toss myself apart like a stretching cat. I could be intuitive, think less, and toss even this whole passage apart, and fall then just lightly against the soil of senses built for me, so directly accessible to me, so interesting, so indifferent to me. Even here while watching it unfurl, I could feel each impression it had on me, I could feel my ears twitch, my skin crawl in peculiar patterns of desire, I could feel my eyes dilate, I could feel each accompanying sense in my surprise, my hair fray up by only nanometers, my fingers spread themselves apart by only a fraction of a motion. 


Everything happens all at once, unfurling themselves. Though never quite as expected. Not even the most brilliant of dreams could match themselves against the most mundane, sobering interaction with another person. All in all, is not any dialogue with another so mundane and sober? Perhaps not. Though, they give off a sensation of an extraordinary experience in retrospect and in anticipation. It is not that these things are so extraordinary, but rather they are so superbly ordinary? It is this mundaneness which gives them their worldly magic… One small push into the world— not as an observer, but something else entirely. A small thrust into another person’s world and suddenly you are observed— it is for this reason that always in retrospect these take on a humiliatory hue in memory. But is that not what dialogue and experience and interaction is? Surely not, I’d say. But I’d also wager it is… vitality and embarrassments in a very peculiar, animal form. So nakedly against the winds. We attempt to take our covers in the aftermath, convince ourselves that either it was not so embarrassing, or that it really was more than it was. As with all, it is neither and both. It is both humiliating and revitalising. And she too, is humiliating and revitalising. Though, I’d like to imagine that one feeds off the other what they are sensible to. The greater person takes in for themself all that vitalising and aesthetic— the other takes a disproportionate sense of humiliation from the other. Interestingly, perhaps in their own psychical aftermaths, they both convince themselves they themselves were the opposite. He who took out humiliation sees themselves as the vitalising attribute. He who took out vitality sees themselves as the humiliatory attribute. 
But moving beyond this, the truth of the matter is most certainly none. Whether one or the other or both or none at all they are pleasantly innocent sparks of contingency. Is that not what makes contingency so dazzling? It is so ephemeral, so unnecessary, so up against the air, so easy to take for oneself. We take for ourselves all which is unnecessary, all which is play. Our innocents play with embarrassment and vitality, folding into themselves in varying configurations. The covering up and the opening out, again and again. Does that mark our spark?


And young Freysar stood there amid the weaving, verdant trees which whirled their large leaf tresses against the wind. Too had her autumn-brown tresses swayed against the hazy, sputtering winds which carried over the water from the near sea. The blue warmth was hidden now into this little pocket— he could feel on his own skin the tickle of that Sun’s warmth… he could feel too his hair stand up on its ends. He had a foolish expression against his face, one of childlike mischief as he sauntered his way through the ivy and bees into the open clearing. Both eyes had met with both eyes and they longed for one another just then. They had their bashful, lively shadows make contact in the waters of the pond where she was now situated, in a total, ecstatic nude. Their shadows, a pleasant tone of blue, wavered and withered and splashed up into the surface once more again, moved apart by the refractions. He could see her legs shakily beneath the pellucid waters. He could see his own feet through the pellucid haze. He made a move to dip into the pond until the water level was no further than his knees. Out of embarrassment, he slipped in further, keeping his gaze on her. He went until the water was just beneath his nose and he could breathe in the clear scent of life— of the swift fish, the green plants, the lily pads and their  blossoming flowers. He could smell the open scent of water and honey woven into one— he could smell the bees’ fur and the birds’ feathers. He could detect the fresh scent of pollen and the fresher scent of lain eggs. 
“Will you come further?” she asks, in her awkward posture.
He motions to himself, and removes his clothes beneath the moving waters before placing them beside on the soil next to a small newt. He moves further into her. 


With my eyes peering through the kaleidoscope, I see through the lenses many forms of you, multiplying in front of me, each a totally new image. I turn my gaze to and fro, each image surfaces and then soon thereafter makes its vanishing disappearance. Each point of contact, each encounter at the fold is totally new. Never shall I see this image again, nor that image, but always newer and newer ones, ones which I take for myself and pocket them nicely. O’ Eternity, depart from me! I could never love the same twice. I could never see the same twice. Those have all been absorbed into me to inform the next. To decay is to wish for the same, to decay is to lament, or to pity oneself. What do I have to pity in myself? Pity that things are not as I so willed them to be. I’m happy to know that I had willed, whether or not they had been willed as I had desired is beyond my interests. My attention is cast safely only on the will, the sense to push outward at the sides and extend into others. What do they think? Must it take up my attention? I love anew, I see anew, with new eyes at every turn. A peculiar clairvoyance shows me not the true image but shows me the falsity of true images. What have you, then, when there are no true images? Splendid, many, resplendent, curiously shaped images of changing forms. 
I desire more of that multiplicity, it’s all I’m after. I desire more of that ‘outward push’ which feels itself against my vitality. I can’t lament passivity on the other end, nor would it do me much good. I desire only my own activity, and the chains of reaction it sparks up beneath my steps. 


My heels strike within the palace,
Its imperial lanterns bloom,
They cast a pleasantly warm light
slipping in between the pond’s rippling surface
lying beside the veranda and beneath the stars.
The night’s song scurries in through the mist
With a lustfulness heard before.


Dressed in silken sable fur, I stop just then
And hear that night’s song.
It brings no feeling,
Other than the tickling sensation
Upon my ear’s flesh.
A memory of sensation for me to pocket.


My heels strike against the soil, 
And I move past the pond.
What lies there? Just beyond here?
In that next step?
Each one ripples into the next,
I’m assured.


The pale Californian sun bloomed over the February winter. While it was winter, the day was a reasonable heat, enough to stir up a calm, sultry sweat. The previous weeks were wet and rainy, and thus the soil this week had a humid touch. The air was hot. There was all but little wind which caused a noticeable sway through the hanging branches now dry and leafless, save for a few perennial flowers and large green-bespoken trees which gave a neat shade to the cherry-wooden veranda overlooking the rolling hills. The roads were only partly full, less than their usual stream. The cars beamed through and cast blinding-white dappled spots of sunlight as they made their way off to their destinations, splitting at the intersection where they poured in and out against each other, With the slight mirage caused by the heat, the dark roads had an indigo hue which rippled to the naked eye, and the caustics of  light bounced by the cars gave the sensation of moving water. It was then very nice that between the hills and past the vale of streetcars was the firth where the moody gloam-blue sea met the bay. Kioku was splayed out over the linen lounge chair, topless with an orange parasol upturned and awkwardly leaning so as to prevent it from fully obscuring the sunlight— a sharp navy-orange-tinged shadow was cast diagonally across his face over one eye which remained open. His right arm was bent and over his face, his palm—upturned— over his other eyes. 
Takezo moved swiftly in from the porch out into Kioku’s area. Before them both was the bright clear-blue pool which producecd small waves with the wind. It was empty but had a colourful swirl and shift from the opulent rocks and stones which adorned the pool in between and through the cerulean Roman mosaic which was the pool-floor. Along the edges and walls were beautiful boyish frescoes of cats and tigers in exotic postures with nude men and women. 
Takezo received the strong scent of salt and skin mixed into the air as he saw resplendent beads of sweat gather across the navel and chest of Kioku, running down into his cream-coloured cotton shorts. His skin was a light white-bronze with the typical golden sunshine spread across the rippling surface of pores.
“Don’t you have to return to school tomorrow,” asked Takezo, walking across the concrete bank and dipping his legs into the water, down the stairs on the left. He furrowed his gaze as he looked out into the Western Californian sky where the Sun was now, past its zenith. His brownish-hair was even lighter in the sun, and a few stray wisps of hair appeared almost blonde along the crown of his head.
“Yes, why?”
“Well, you haven’t even packed up yet. You have still all of your things in your room.”
“And I’ll move them all tomorrow.”
“Tomorrow is when you leave.” He dipped further into the water, soaking his shorts in a dark, wet, shade, as though covered in ink.
Kioku sits up. He appeared frustrated. He had sunglasses pulled over his hair, with a few dark black strands pouring out from in front, limply falling over his forehead. “And?” 
When he sat up, Takezo noticed the muddied grey-blue shadow cast over Kioku, highlighting his muscular figure in a variety of articulate shades across his torso. The shadows felt bothersome, in a way. As though they ought to be pulled away so he could see better— or, rather, that he pull the veil of shadows entirely over Kioku, to see him in a single light, and thus a better view. The mix of light and shadow caused him some distress.
“What are you studying, anyway?”
“Engineering.”
“


If there’s one thing about modernity which bothers me most, it is perhaps the falling virtue of “giving.”— in Marcel Mauss’ work ‘The Gift’, we get an incredible view into archaic societies and the virtue of “gift-giving.” It’s very different from the moralising, Western, gift-giving which has a strange equalising sense— that of being generous, egalitarian, equitarian, and all those other post-classical virtues. For the archaics, gift-giving was based upon— more foundationally— notions of strength. The strength to give, the strength to give in excess, gaudy displays of superiority, delayed reciprocations, indebting, and conquering through humiliation. All these can be elaborated on in significantly more detail but I will refrain and instead focus on synthesising this archaic gift-giving with a Nietzchean gift-giving to form what I think is a good analysis of what makes a particularly culture repulsive in a few of its features— this includes modernity, but not because it is modern. In fact, this could include the Christian, the Buddhist cultures, etc, etc. Nietzchean gift-giving is a similar strength-display, in the spirit of public, festive agon (conflict and competition). Zarathustra is a gift-giver not because he desires to lift the other, but because he has too much. He doesn’t feel shameful about his abundance, rather his abundance, by virtue of being too much, overflows, like an ocean fills lakes. The expectation here is that the gift-giving is such that, like the ocean, one’s abundance is so great that it does not diminish them— in fact, one of the key features of this gift-giving and archaic gift-giving is the belief in hierarchy and aristocracy: that there are those who give in abundance and those who receive, and never does the ocean, in its ‘gift-giving’ ever equalise itself with the lake. It is in fact through giving that it asserts its strength over the latter. 
Modern art and modern architecture, modern interior design takes, or judges, or sees, or critiques. It does not give. It is passive, low class, resentful. On the other hand, maximalism, Roman frescoes, excess of drapery, sculptural arts, rugs and carpets, gaudy colours, mosaics, are ‘gift-giving’. They do not take from the viewer, or from the culture, rather they give. They give in excess, they are awash in lust for strength and showy, dandy attitudes. They make themselves rich with how much they put up to the eye. Thus, must the adorned house also be accompanied by an unprecedented generosity— the hostile, greedy figure is… resentful… to give, and to give more, and to expect nothing in return; “Under present conditions, everything conspires to obscure the basic movement that tends to restore wealth to its function, to gift-giving, to squandering without reciprocation”. “The act of 'giving', according to Bataille, is akin to 'acquiring a power'.” It is then, no surprise, that our bourgeois conditions are so against such showy statements of art, opting instead for resentful critiques and judgements and “looking outs”.  
[a]Here